README.md, before:

# DuckDuckGo AI Chat Sidebar

[![License: MIT][badge-mit]][url-mit] [![Firefox Addon][badge-firefox]][url-firefox]

[badge-mit]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg
[url-mit]: https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
[badge-firefox]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Browser-Firefox-blue.svg
[url-firefox]: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/duckduckgo-ai-chat-sidebar/

Running DuckDuckGo AI Chat interface on a sidebar.

DuckDuckGo provides a new AI Chat server on their website. As of Aug, 2025, the
AI Chat page allow user to use:
* [GPT-4o mini][chatgpt-4o-mini]
* [Llama 4][llama-4]
* [Claude Haiku 3.5][claude-haiku-3.5]
* [o4-mini][chatgpt-o4-mini]
* [Mixtral Small 3][mixtral-small-3]

anonymously and free of charge.

This extension allow you to open the DuckDuckGo AI chat interface on the
sidebar. Feels much like the Microsoft Edge Copilot sidebar. And with the help
of DuckDuckGo, you're using AI with no personal data and privacy compromise.

[chatgpt-4o-mini]: https://openai.com/index/hello-gpt-4o/
[chatgpt-o4-mini]: https://help.openai.com/en/articles/10491870-o4-mini-in-chatgpt-faq
[claude-haiku-3.5]: https://www.anthropic.com/claude/haiku
[llama-4]: https://www.llama.com/models/llama-4/
[mixtral-small-3]: https://mistral.ai/news/mistral-small-3


## License

This software is distributed under the MIT License. A copy of the license is
distributed along with the source code [here](LICENSE.md).

Commit message:

Follow the branding of DuckDuckGo's AI Chat
* Use Duck.ai instead of "DuckDuckGo AI" in README and extension name.
* Change to the Duck.ai logo.

README.md, after:

# ![Logo](src/icons/icon.svg) Duck.ai Chat Sidebar

[![License: MIT][badge-mit]][url-mit] [![Firefox Addon][badge-firefox]][url-firefox]

[badge-mit]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg
[url-mit]: https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
[badge-firefox]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Browser-Firefox-blue.svg
[url-firefox]: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/duckduckgo-ai-chat-sidebar/

Running [Duck.ai](https://duck.ai) Chat interface on a sidebar.

Duck.ai is an AI Chat service provided by DuckDuckGo on their website. As of Aug, 2025, the
AI Chat service allow user to use:
* [GPT-4o mini][chatgpt-4o-mini]
* [Llama 4][llama-4]
* [Claude Haiku 3.5][claude-haiku-3.5]
* [o4-mini][chatgpt-o4-mini]
* [Mixtral Small 3][mixtral-small-3]

anonymously and free of charge.

This extension allow you to open the Duck.ai chat interface on the
sidebar. Feels much like the Microsoft Edge Copilot sidebar. And with the help
of Duck.ai, you're using AI with no personal data and privacy compromise.

[chatgpt-4o-mini]: https://openai.com/index/hello-gpt-4o/
[chatgpt-o4-mini]: https://help.openai.com/en/articles/10491870-o4-mini-in-chatgpt-faq
[claude-haiku-3.5]: https://www.anthropic.com/claude/haiku
[llama-4]: https://www.llama.com/models/llama-4/
[mixtral-small-3]: https://mistral.ai/news/mistral-small-3


## License

This software is distributed under the MIT License. A copy of the license is
distributed along with the source code [here](LICENSE.md).
